...
Yo.
Get this shit.
It has to be leveled.
Are you okay?
His mother.
Good enough.
Okay.
Come on.
Let's go.
Okay. time to go. negro.
Yeah. Thanks. man.
Yeah.
Come on. man.
Hey.
Laundry day. bitch.
Let me see. Come on.
Close. Let me see.
Come on.
Yo. what's that?
This is nothing. About 150 dollars.
What the hell is that? What
to do with this shit. brother?
What the hell?
Maybe we can use the little
and cute ass to compensate.
500 per week if you want to continue
to work.
Damn. is this bullshit?
Get out of here.
Get out.
Get the hell out!
Hurry the hell up!
Hey. you know what. whore?
Maybe we could use it.
Hey!
Get the fuck out of my fucking store.
Tao. no!
Moon. shut up.
Throw down your gun. Get away from
my store.
Don't worry.
No!
Go. go. go!
...
OSCAR SHOW
Bernie are you okay?
I can tell you what is wrong.
Aging.
Especially when you remember
your youth.
The usual.
On top of that. I feel
brain fog. hot flashes. night sweats.
I'm trying to negotiate with these liberals. man.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. hey.
Come on not today.
Enough with your mana balls.
Okay. let's drink.
For better days.
Okay.
My man.
Please be nice to my flipper machine.
sir. please.
Where did that shit go?
You'll never reach my high
score.
Never. Ray. you know I meditate on 20
twice a day to deal with the creeps
like you.
How does that sound to you. Mr.
Miyagi?
Where's your little yoga mat?
I'll be right back.
Hey. are you going to smoke those cigars?
Yeah. yeah.
I'll be right back. I won't be there.
Give me a second.
We're on the same planet. aren't we?
Yeah. We are good.
I mean. business is business.
We don't take things personally here.
Yes. nice.
You know. I really hope so.
Because when someone gives you a job.
he doesn't want trouble.
What's going on. Ray?
Do I have to go?
Oscar Shaw. right?
Have we met?
I haven't had the pleasure yet.
But your reputation as a man. you know?
I'll let you two have your fun.
I will walk.
Cuban. From my personal collection.
I want you both to enjoy them.
Who the hell was that?
This is the guy I'm trying to work with.
He has some ideas about money. investments
and the like.
He talks too much.
Investment? You need extra money.
Oscar.
Well. if you ever need anything. you know.
I'm here. right?
I know you understood me. but I'm fine. thanks.
Since you're so rich. I guess you'll
you'll pay that next time.
Not a chance. bro.
How can you drink that nasty stuff?
What?
Is beer the only thing to drink?
And you pour that on your pancakes.
Well. I get dizzy just smelling it
of that shit.
What is the patlak for?
This 45.
It's getting crazy. really.
Did you hear about the shooting against Kwan?
Two died. including a little girl. И
another girl was kidnapped.
Damn. It looked like the neighborhood
was improving.
Out of the blue. it just got worse.
That's what today's kids are like. brother.
I'm not afraid to say it. they me
shook.
My little insurance policy. just in case.
Isn't that why they're cops?
That's bullshit. Oscar.
Did we make such a big difference as
policemen?
Yeah. well. I'd like to think so.
But some of us got a bad deal.
Is it a bad deal?
You got a bad deal. brother.
The world is crazier than ever.
Yeah. What can we do about it?
Pee. Ray.
Pee.
She was kidnapped by the damn bastards.
Sorry.
See you again.
I'm sorry for your loss.
The neighborhood was nicer when you were
in charge.
Beware.
You have a little money. Give me some.
I won't give you a penny. but
you can earn it.
How?
That's why you have to have a car.
Didn't like the walk?
No.
Why are you dressed like that?
This is a sign of respect for yourself and
others.
Hey. what's up. brother? Did you lose
something?
But don't you have a car? А?
Yes. I have a car. but I prefer to walk.
I said you lost. negro. What's going on? You...
Did you understand? If I catch you
here again. I don't know?
Oh. hey. hey. hey.
What's going on? What's going on?
Oh. fuck him. brother. Come on. nigga.
Lie down. Lie down.
Are you okay?
Man. I'm fine.
Are you sure you're okay?
Well.
here we are.
Well. little man. my name is Oscar. and
are you?
Andre. Andre. okay.
Well. Andre. here it is.
Five dollars. and you live in
a house like that?
Well. it wasn't so when
my wife and I first bought it.
Is it inside?
Well no. she has another house now.
Well. I've got some grass to mow if you want
to make some more money.
No. I'm fine.
Hmm. Okay. be careful.
Anyway. See you later. Oscar.
What's up. little buddy?
Are you okay. little buddy?
Buster. I feel bad.
I shouldn't have named you Buster.
It's a dog name.
I mean. I'm sorry. but...
It is already too late.
And your girl?
You know what I was thinking?
Most people think I was drunk that
the night that
I named you. but you know what?
I still love you. Frillo Ness.
Hey. negro. what the hell are you doing in
my car?
Suck my fucking dick. nigga.
Slay.
Andrew. What the hell are you gonna do?
I raised you. nigga.
Get the hell out of here.
Ginger doesn't know.
And so. you know. she said. well. I'm
leaving.
What's up. E?
The man. the myth. the legend.
In my own mind. probably.
Is Ray late again?
You can check your watch by it.
You mean I came here late on purpose and
and yet I digested it?
I appreciate it.
...
What's going on. Jimmy?
How do you feel?
His mother.
After the alert. please leave your message.
Ray. where's your slow ass?
Can I help you?
Who are you?
Maybe I'll ask you the same.
I'm Oscar Shaw.
Is there a problem?
It depends. Was it a family member or
friend of Raymond Jackson?
What do you mean. it was?
Ross. It's a legend. Perez.
You taught me everything I know.
Not everything.
I'm sorry. Mr. Shaw.
I was just about to call you. I know you
you were...
What happened?
Hacking?
Maybe. But nothing seems to have been stolen.
Mr Jackson seems to have surprised
the attackers and shot him.
The sick bastards even killed his cat.
The housekeeper found him an hour ago.
Can I get you something to drink?
We are looking at all versions.
Jackson was also a friend of mine.
Do you know if he had enemies?
No.
Everybody liked Ray.
Yes. he was liked both inside and
outside the apartment.
Were there any signs of a struggle?
No. It seems that maybe they are
surprised him.
Was a weapon found?
No gun.
Why?
What? Do you have something?
A guy like Ray. who... hardly
would let someone screw him over.
...
Investigating. I mean. maybe
was waiting for a food delivery and
his guard was down.
Yes. but what is the motive?
Since nothing seems to have been stolen.
He had $50 in his wallet.
And why?
They killed his cat.
There are some sick men.
Ray was just talking to me about
shit like that.
Well. thank you very much for your time.
Mr. Shaw.
I know it's hard.
We will contact you if we have anything
further. And feel free to let us know if...
you have other information that
that might help us in our investigation.
Is Frank Archer still the captain?
Commander.
Did I miss something about Commander
Archer?
There is bad blood between them.
So what's the deal between your friend
and Archer?
Shaw and Jackson were partners during the
a major drug bust. But since it was believed that
is unethical and some rich white college student
was killed. they were put on
administrative leave.
Archer then used Shaw as a scapegoat and forced him into retirement.
Jackson got a tap. but
left in solidarity.
And they have been living off their pensions ever since.
There are rules we all have to follow.
This is above the law.
You don't know the facts of the case.
Shaw is almost the favorite.
I'm almost sure they had
good reasons to release him.
Look. Oscar Shaw is another statistic
about government bureaucracy.
It's. uh. you know. much more than
the screen in the mall. It's bigger.
...
No problem. Kate. Paint
my home office however you want. okay?
I have to close.
What's up. folks?
Uh. the break-in at Officer Ray Jackson's home didn't turn up anything stolen.
Maybe it was a revenge killing.
Maybe so. Detective.
That's all we have for now. sir.
Plus. I met Oscar Shaw.
Show. Do you think he has anything to do
with this? It definitely wasn't Shaw.
Exactly. Yes. Mr. Shaw was very upset
about losing his friend. Really...
I don't think so... Shaw is a dinosaur.
He's old news. isn't he?
Look. Jackson was one of ours.
So let's find out who cashed his check.
But don't let that get in the way of
other ongoing investigations.
Sir. I just made myself clear.
Detective.
I know you're trying to get your bearings
in this section. learn...
But do me a favor. Just follow Ross's lead. Do you understand? Yes. sir.
Can you bring Kay back. please?
Ernie? Yeah?
Another one?
Raymond was a good man.
He will be missed here.
One of the best.
To Raymond.
Did you hear?
Is the place occupied?
Oh. hey.
How are you?
I'm fine.
There's a problem when you start responding to
one- to two-word questions.
To Raymond.
So how long have they been gone from my life?
Two years?
Why come back now?
I just wanted to help.
Now you are in pain.
Was I really such a bad husband?
Late nights.
No mood.
He was not himself.
So she went and found a man who had
children of his own who needed a mother.
Family for a moment. just...
Add the wife. right?
This is not fair.
Johnny and I had been friends since high school.
It just became something more when
freeze me out of your life.
I disappear.
Hey. Hey.
Hey. Let me drive you home.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. Oscar.
I came to help you get home. brother.
Come on. brother. please.
Come on. let's go.
Come on.
It looks exactly as I remember it.
Did the dining room ever finish?
What do you think?
Hey. can we be friends? Maybe go out to dinner sometime?
I don't need your charity. No.
That's not charity. you stubborn scoundrel like that.
It's called kindness and I still care
for you. even if you don't care
for someone else.
Who told you I don't care?
Just go home to Prince Charming.
...
Who said it was Prince Charming.
Come on. princess.
Don't even think about it. Tron said.
that she was in it for the money.
You smoke too much. brother.
Do you ever feel like you're already dead and
you have to wait for the cosmos to catch you?
...
Negro. what?
What the hell is this nigger talking about?
Hey. no. negro. you're done.
Yeah.
I just... Show me
your money.
Now get the hell out.
...
Raymond's commitment to service began
long before he joined the force.
As a young man. he volunteered in his community and was always willing to lend.
Yes. it helps.
This selflessness and dedication
continued throughout his life and
earning his respect and admiration
of colleagues and community members.
Raymond's unwavering courage and bravery
in the execution of his official duty are a testament to
his character.
He put himself in danger to protect us
and to serve us all.
We are eternally grateful.
His service and dedication will not be
forgotten. To Raymond's family. I offer
my deepest condolences. Your loss is our loss and we share your grief.
Today we honor Raymond Jackson. a hero.
who made the ultimate sacrifice.
His service and dedication will not be
forgotten and we will always cherish him
in our hearts.
May he rest in peace.
Hey. Oscar.
Hey. man. You got a minute?
Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to say that
we're all really sorry for your loss.
We really love Officer Jackson. He was
one of a kind.
Yes. it was.
Oh. hey. man.
How are you?
Did you really just ask me that. dammit?
How about we just drink something and
reminisce about old times?
Now.
Man. I'm good.
Later.
Vanessa. it was nice to see you again.
Good to see you. Chuck.
Beware.
Would it kill you to have a drink with
your former colleagues?
I have nothing to say.
You spend a lot of time alone. Hosky.
I worry about you.
I'm fine.
Do you want me to come in too?
No. go home to your husband and kids.
Sorry about your door.
Good. All right. sir.
Let's have a drink.
Oh. man.
let me call you a cab.
Let's call a girl.
I'm coming right back.
Damn.
Mmm... hmm. Over $200.000 in cash.
The question is what Jackson was doing.
accumulating that much money?
Who knows?
Was he selling drugs? Did he rob
anyone?
Did he steal this from
the evidence room?
I don't think so.
Jackson was clean.
Well. he wasn't killed for it.
Okay. let's take that as
evidence.
Or we can find the nearest
family member and give it to him.
Uh. this may be evidence of criminal
motive.
No. it isn't.
And how do you know?
He has an estranged daughter. I can
find her and make sure she gets...
Pity about Raymond. isn't it?
I feel terrible.
Well. it's a good thing the police
is gonna take care of this.
What the hell are you talking about?
The investigation into Raymond's death.
You will make it easier for all of us.
We go outside and let the police do their thing
their job.
Do you see what I mean?
No. I don't understand.
This is the best way.
I know you two were close.
I am truly sorry.
Give me the watch and the wallet. negro.
No time. motherfucker.
Parkside. huh?
See for yourself.
Just a fucking kid.
Sorry to bother you.
Are you still in bed?
No.
Can I come in?
Baking cookies?
No. I use this for meditation.
Do you meditate? You?
Some dogs can learn new tricks.
What's going on?
I just came to check on you.
I know it's hell to lose a friend.
Well. I lost a lot.
You call.
Yes. death is part of life. isn't it?
Do you mind if I sit down?
Do you know a hacker named Brash?
No. I can't say.
Well. we found this on his corpse.
Someone has cleaned it
last night.
This is Ray's.
Do you think this Bras killed him?
It is difficult to say.
He could have found it or
steal it.
He was moving. with the gang of
Bedland.
They were called PSK. Parkside
killers.
A kid named Tron is the boss.
Most of them have criminal records as long as your legs.
Do they all have colorful names like
Tron and Brash?
Yeah.
We are studying it.
This is a possible clue.
Well. thanks for telling me.
Can I do something for you.
Oscar?
Nothing that I can think of.
Okay. I'll just go.
Oh. and good luck with the meditation.
Yes. good luck with your case.
Andre?
What are you doing here?
I just need a place to sit.
Get inside.
I see you've met Tux.
Please. Kim.
Good.
You have to hold that. you have to press it
on the bruise.
Good.
Do you want to tell me what happened?
He was a kid in school.
What is it called?
I can't remember.
Oh. you can't remember the kid who
punched you in the face?
Do you have anything to drink?
Now do you want to tell me what really
happened?
Was it your mother?
Your father?
Where do you live?
I don't say.
He'll hurt you too.
I will take this chance.
I just want to talk to him. okay?
Where is your wife?
Don't change the subject.
He's not home right now.
Well. where is he?
This car is some garbage.
Well. it is that way for a reason.
What reason?
Because thieves don't steal junk.
Why don't you tell me about your father?
Do you have children?
Do you always answer a question with
question?
No.
My ex-wife Vanessa and I tried to have
kids. but we weren't meant to.
So we...
I looked to doctors for help. but even that did not
helped.
Do you like children?
Only ogres don't like children.
What is an ogre?
Ogres are monsters that eat people.
You know. kind of like in fairy tales.
That's bloody stupid.
Yeah.
From your point of view.
I think I saw my father.
Where?
Did you see him go in there?
Is that the one? The bald man with the sweater?
It looked like him. He comes here to buy
beer.
Where is your mother?
She likes dope.
Good.
Are you coming?
No.
Good. Wait here.
Excuse me.
Hey.
What the hell do you want?
Hey. little man.
Sean's looking for you.
I won't come with you.
Get out of the car.
Is this your child?
What child?
There. in Subaru. on
passenger seat.
Man. I don't see no kid there. man.
Exactly.
We're one step away from failure. man.
Sit down.
Sean will be with you in a minute.
Excuse me.
Look. I'm not trying to interfere in
your work.
All I want is for Andre to come with me.
Immediately.
Who the hell are you?
I know you're not his father. His father
sent him here.
Nevertheless. whatever
arrangements you have with his father.
to come with me immediately.
Do you know where the hell you are?
Hey. hey. hey.
Look. I don't want any trouble.
And you don't need them.
Then don't fuck with us.
Fuck him!
Slay?
Slay. huh?
What did your mother name you?
Andrew. Andrew?
Did you kill Ray Jackson?
Did I kill him?
Who did it?
Where is the rest of your people?
Club D.
Stay there.
I am.
Do you remember me?
Come on.
Let's go.
Sue! Sue!
Sue. take her to the hospital. Keep her
safe. They might come back.
Thank you. Austin.
Yeah. Thank you.
I'm definitely not taking you back
home.
Then where are we going?
Let's go.
You can watch
TV and relax.
They'll beat me up when I get home. No. I won't
you're gonna get beat up. That's why I'm gonna
you stay here tonight.
And we'll find your father tomorrow.
Will you kill him as you killed
those men?
No.
I'll just talk to him. This is
everything.
Okay?
Okay. Okay. Come on.
There is everything.
Television.
Here's the remote. I know you know how
how to use it.
And I'll see you in the morning.
Okay.
Good night.
Where are you going?
I'll be gone for a few hours.
Are you okay?
I like it here.
He is funny. Good.
I'll be back.
...
Can I get you anything?
Maybe bourbon?
You got it.
Fuck you old man.
I didn't hit you that hard.
You guys are so gentle today.
Fuck you. old man.
Yes. you are right.
You're right. it's much better that way.
What have you got? Let's check these pockets.
Oh. what's that?
You have an offer for two to five years in
in your pocket.
You know. man. this shit ain't mine.
some bastard must have put it in my...
pocket to try and dip me.
You know what?
I don't care about that.
What do you want to do for me?
I want you to call your boy out for
brief conversation.
I'm not going to do anything stupid.
Man.
Let's go.
What the hell are you calling us out for
you nigger?
Stay right there.
Unless you want Drake to follow
the rest of your people into the afterlife.
Yes. exactly.
Your man Slay was killed. and
your boy Ghost is a ghost.
I promise you.
I'll let you live if you tell me who
killed Ray Jackson.
I know you.
These niggers are cops.
Shoot that nigger!
Come on. let's go! Let's go!
Come on!
Come on! Fuck him. you shot me. man!
Go ahead.
Finish me off.
Tell me what I want to know and I will
call you an ambulance.
I won't tell you anything. you pig!
Oscar Shaw.
Good evening.
Oscar.
Can we ask you where you come from?
I had a hankering for a pack of gum.
A side effect of being an ex
smoker.
You're pretty well dressed to
to go out just for gum. Shaw.
You know. maybe you should see what I look like.
when I go out for a steak.
Somewhere there was a shooting in a club
DV8.
Some of the gang members were attacked.
Several were killed.
This is terrible.
Do you know anything about that?
Not so far.
Do you mind coming downtown to answer some questions?
Yes. maybe.
Doesn't make this any more complicated.
than it already is. Oscar.
On what charge. Ross?
Probable cause.
As long as it doesn't take too long.
We will do our best.
I can't say I've ever been
any of these places.
How long were you in the police?
Over 30 years.
It would have been longer if someone
bureaucratic asshole hadn't fucked me over.
This is unfortunate.
Well. life sucks.
Then you die.
I want to show you something.
That's a lot like you. isn't it
Mr. Shaw?
Well. a lot of people say that all your
alike. Detective Perez.
That's not what you meant either
you know it. Okay. enough with the nonsense.
Did you see that?
Simple question.
No. it's not me.
Look. we appreciate your attempt at revenge
for a friend and cleanse the city
of scoundrels. But this is our job.
I already told you. it's not me.
So. are we done here?
Your friend Ray was found with over 200
$200.000 hidden in his apartment.
Do you know anything about that?
$200.000.
Hell. he still owes me $500.000.
Or maybe you knew he was dead and you
you went into the apartment to get
cash.
I'll pretend you didn't just say that
-just now.
So I won't have to like you. Okay. I think we're done here.
It was about time.
Look. I'm sorry I accused you of
killing your friend.
I know you didn't.
Good.
How did you work together?
We were inseparable.
We joked and they called us bad
guys.
Yeah.
After my career ended. I was really
depressed.
I drove my wife away.
I even thought about throwing a fit.
Sorry to hear that.
Then I started meditating and stopped
thinking about nonsense.
Maybe I should start meditating too.
а?
Yeah.
No. no. Not him.
It isn't. It's probably someone whom
Tron has enraged. You know. there's...
many people who want it
dead.
Sir. this is too much of a coincidence.
though.
All are dead except him. И
just a few days after Jackson?
Not Shaw. Probably hasn't held a gun since
in years.
I tell you. the man is different.
You know he tries to keep his sanity by meditating with a chicken timer?
Really? Well. how do you manage to keep your healthy
common sense. Detective?
Do you solve crosswords?
Listen to me.
Whoever is killing these idiots.
is doing us a favor. They are like weeds.
You pull one and two more appear.
We will not miss them.
What time is it?
Time to tell me who the hell.
is the one on my couch.
He is my best friend.
His mother did not come home.
So I thought it would be best if he also
stay here.
Thought it would be best. huh?
Well. I don't run a home for boys.
running away from their homes.
You can stay tonight. but
this place better be clean by the time I wake up in the morning.
Did you understand me?
Yes. sir.
Yes. sir. Good night.
Yeah?
I'm just leaving the hospital...
Wack died.
He died of blood loss.
This is very bad.
That means the killer is still out there somewhere.
And is responsible for two murders.
But that's not what I'm calling about.
Listen.
Before he died. Wack told me that Tron
was seeing Jasmine Trent.
Yeah?
She lives in Chinatown.
Good.
I figured he was running out of places to
hiding places and it's a safe bet that he can
is hidden there.
I have an address.
Okay. why are you telling me this?
I thought you might want to know.
But he did not hear this from me and we
have not had this conversation.
Okay. thanks.
What are you doing here?
Look. I got a lead.
I can't tell from... Give me the gun.
So you were in Club DV8.
Look. just hear me out.
That's right. you fucking bitch.
Yeah.
Why didn't you warn me. motherfucker?
I tried.
Fuck me after everything I did for you.
Oh. fuck him.
Understand me. Oscar.
Aren't we going to thunder these dumb niggers?
You're behind this. aren't you?
Travis. here's my cousin.
This is Tron. not fucking Travis. bro.
You killed Ray. He was going to
betray us all.
Money.
Yeah. what is this bitch talking about?
The money was piling up.
This was his payback.
Yeah. All that money.
And no damn gratitude?
Are you okay?
I'd feel a lot better if I wasn't lying here in
a pool of my own blood. but maybe that's...
from me.
9-1-1. what is your emergency?
10-31 Windsor Street.
Wounded policeman.
I need an ambulance and backup.
How are you?
I'm great.
How do you feel?
Well. bottom line.
And you?
I was lucky.
One passed directly. the other
just grazed me.
Do it like a champion.
Thank you.
Tell me. did you know Ross was dirty?
I... I had a feeling.
Yeah.
I'm actually undercover.
With a federal task force.
I investigated. Ross.
And I have my suspicions.
This goes further up.
Archer. Yeah.
Creep.
...
It's just...
I'm glad you're okay.
If I get out of here I'll be
much better off.
I'll see what I can do.
Good.
The nurse said you were here. I decided
to come check on you.
Okay. look. I know I'm the last guy
on Earth you want to see right now.
Really?
What makes you think so?
Ah. Frank. man. is this... The last few days have taught me that life is too short.
to deal with nonsense.
Hell. maybe the drugs are talking
right now.
Hey. I agree with you.
Indeed.
But I would like to talk about one
suggestion.
Listen.
It was quite uncomfortable with what
happened with Detective Ross.
I told the press that your
trying to help Ross.
You know you were worried about his
welfare.
In the process. however. he killed Ross
and wounded you.
Moments later. Perez appeared on stage.
killed Tron. and saved you.
This is good.
Man. if I've learned anything working at
narcotics department. it's to follow...
money to the source.
Good. So how did Ross manage to buy all this
heroin off the street for his cousin?
I mean. who defended him? I have
a partner.
He is Colombian.
He says he knows you.
Caesar? Yes. I am.
The dude with the cigars?
Yeah.
Well. he shipped his product on
south to the border.
Tron and his boys spread it around.
And. well. we're looking at the other side.
So you allow a cartel to operate in
in the city and charge yourself a fee?
No. Not for me.
This is for us.
How long was he in the police? 30
years?
30 years. And what it has achieved
for that. huh?
A broken marriage?
100 grand for therapy?
It's not just me. Oscar. It's for us.
I'm two people down now.
These were good men.
And I need another good man.
And I need you. Oscar. I need you.
Okay?
I'll start with
$100.000. is that okay?
They were going to go to Jackson. but now
they're yours.
$100.000? Yes. Caesar needed
a little help. You know. the house...
Cleaning.
A new hot drug gang is coming here and
trying to get established. Sometimes it needs...
than a little help with that. if you understand what
I mean.
So. listen. Oscar.
It's about being on the winning team.
Okay? Yes. I understand.
Are you okay?
Oh man. sometimes those drugs. man.
just make my head spin.
Should I call the nurse?
I will call her.
Oh. fuck him.
Can you take me inside?
I need to rest a little.
Good day.
I would like to focus on the event from
last few weeks.
Detective Sergeant Charles M. Ross
was investigating a gang that was selling
heroin laced with fentanyl. the
beautiful citizens of this city.
Ross. along with Detective Sergeant Nina
Е. Perez. were able to stop these
Suspects.
In the course of the shootout. however.
the gang leader. Travis Parks. aka...
Tron was killed.
along with our favorite detective Charles
Ross.
I'd like to invite Detective Sergeant
Perez to the podium. Yeah. a few...
Words. Are you ready?
...
Thank you. Commander Archer. for
for your performance and your distinguished service.
Reward for my fallen partner. detective
Ross. or Chuck. his friend.
However. what is said here does not
was true.
Detective Ross. along with retired
police officer Raymond Jackson. as well as
Commander Frank Archer. were the reason
for so much heroin with fentanyl that spread
on the streets.
I have some evidence. thanks in part to another officer who was not
disclosed. but it should be. since he's the one who made most of this possible.
Oscar Shaw.
Well. he shipped his product south to the border. Tron and his boys distribute it. And. uh. we're looking at the other side.
...
This thing is made by artificial intelligence.
Lie. This is a complete lie.
You fabricated this whole thing.
The only fabricated thing here.
Commander. is that stupid speech that...
pushed to the press.
Cops. get this man. What? Oh. my God!
Speak!
...
Mr. Shaw. come this way.
Citizen Officer Shaw also
recover the stolen heroin.
It's not on the streets.
He was unjustly forced to leave
his post with the police. but I'm here.
I will tell you that he is a man of integrity.
the likes of which I have never met.
And it has greatly facilitated my work as an Internal Investigations Division investigator.
Thank you.
Hey. Hey. lady. Hey. Oscar.
How's it going?
Okay. Okay.
Hey.
How's it going?
Good. And who's with you?
Well. it's Andre and I will
stay with me for a while.
Stay here.
So. Andre. how's school going?
I'm fine. Great.
Hey.
Oh. you are.
What do you want. old man?
Andre is your son. isn't he?
Yes. Andre is my son. Where was he?
He's staying with me.
What do you mean he was staying at
with you?
Listen.
Andre will stay with me for a while.
This is my child. You can't take him
just because you have a suit.
You're better than me. You're gonna take my...
This is my son.
All the fucking money in the till
now!
Come on!
Chuck chuck. motherfucker!
Hey.
Hey. what the hell are you doing?
What the hell do you think I'm doing?
Get back!
I understand.
You grew up idolizing gangsters.
because those are the only people you see
Respect.
But. son...
Your friends. your phone and your music
have taught you that brandishing weapons and
dying young is gangster.
But what a real gangster is. is to be
brave enough to break the cycle and prove yourself.
That you can build a real life for yourself and those you love.
Let this be a sign and rethink
some things.
And if you decide you want help or
revenge. my name is Oscar Shaw.
It's not hard to find me.
Get lost!
You know what. man? Fuck him.
Andre can stay with you.
For now.
Here's your pocket money.
Don't spend it all on junk.
Nice.
So glad you're back. Officer
Shaw.
Translation - Ivo Ivanov Todorov